---
title: "Welcome to Concrete"
description: "Welcome to Concrete"
sidebar_label: "Welcome"
sidebar_position: 0
---

Welcome to **Concrete.xyz**, a DeFi platform that allows you to **borrow**, **protect**, and **earn** on your crypto assets while benefiting from capital efficiency, liquidity protection, and yield optimization across multiple chains.

In the world of crypto, users often face complexities like navigating multiple networks, choosing the best yields, and managing risks of liquidation. Concrete allows users to earn high yields, borrow against their assets, and mitigate liquidation risks through advanced mechanisms.

Concrete serves:
* **Borrowers** seeking protection from liquidation with Concrete's *Probability Engine*, which protects against liquidation by automatically injecting credit
* **Liquidity Providers** aiming for yield maximization with **Earn Vaults**, which automate the process of finding and deploying liquidity to the highest-yielding opportunities in the DeFi space without constant manual reallocation.
* **Traders** hunting for market opportunities and profiting from the best rates across integrated DeFi platforms.

## Why Concrete?

- **Best Rates**: Access competitive market terms for borrowing.
- **Lower fees**: Foreclose positions early, helping users avoid the 15%+ fees typically charged by other platforms.
- **Protection Policies**: Purchase protection plans that offer **multiple levels of defense** against liquidation to safeguard your assets during market downturns.
- **High-yield strategies**, for earning returns on assets without users needing to manage the process themselves.
- **Borrowing against your vault deposits** with minimized risks of liquidation, thanks to multi-level liquidation protection.
- **Integration with multiple money markets**, allowing for optimization of both returns and borrowing rates.
- **Automatic debt servicing**, using the yield generated by the assets to cover borrowing costs, making the process hands-free for the user

Concrete not only provides basic lending and borrowing services but also includes more advanced financial features like:
* **Credit derivatives**: Allowing more sophisticated hedging and speculative strategies.
* **Perpetual swaps**: Traders can profit from long-term positions while avoiding the typical risk of liquidation.
